async-await initial reference material (#635)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/expressions/block-expr.md

}
```

## `async` blocks

> **<sup>Syntax</sup>**\
> _AsyncBlockExpression_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; `async` `move`<sup>?</sup> _BlockExpression_

An *async block* is a variant of a block expression which evalutes to

> a *future*. The final expression of the block (if present) determines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a *future*. The final expression of the block, if present, determines
```

}
```

## `async` blocks

> **<sup>Syntax</sup>**\
> _AsyncBlockExpression_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; `async` `move`<sup>?</sup> _BlockExpression_

An *async block* is a variant of a block expression which evalutes to
a *future*. The final expression of the block (if present) determines
the result value of the future.

> Executing an async block is thus similar to executing a closure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing an async block is similar to executing a closure
```

> expression: its immediate effect is to produce and return a struct.

Reviewer: Closures are not described in this way in the reference -- it would be sufficient to say "anonymous type" here.

Whereas closures return a struct that implements one or more of the
`std::ops::Fn` traits, however, the type returned for an async block
implements the `std::future::Future` trait. The actual data format for

> this type is undefined, but it is roughly equivalent to an enum with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this type is unspecified, but it is roughly equivalent to an enum with
```

> this type is undefined, but it is roughly equivalent to an enum with

Reviewer 2: The second clause (after the "but") should be in a Note also stating that it is what rustc does.

> one variant per `await` point (such that we store the data needed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one variant per `await` point such that the data needed to
```

> resume from that point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resume from that point is stored.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Capture modes

```

Async blocks capture variables from their environment in a way similar
to closures. That is, when the async block is first executed, any
variables referenced in the block will be "captured" into the
resulting future. In the absence of the `move` keyword, async blocks
will capture in the weakest way possible, depending on how the
variable is used (just as closures do). That is, if the variable is

> only used to produce shared references, or is taken by value but is of

Reviewer: Link to shared references (https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/reference/types/pointer.html#shared-references-)

> `Copy` type, they will capture an `&`-reference to the variable. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Copy` type, async blocks will capture a shared reference to the variable. If
```

> the variable is mutated, they will capture an `&mut`-reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the variable is mutated, they will capture a mutable reference.
```
(and link to mutable references)

> Finally, if the variable is moved, they will capture the variable "by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if the variable is moved, async blocks will capture the variable "by
```

move". If the async block has the move keyword (`async move { ... })`,
however, then all referenced variables are moved into the resulting

> future, no matter how they are used. This is the most common form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
future, no matter how they are used.
```
It's not the reference's job to say what is and isn't common or what the use cases are; it should just define the language.

> future, no matter how they are used. This is the most common form.

Reviewer: Overall it feels like this duplicates a lot of https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/reference/types/closure.html#capture-modes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <Invent some title>
```

> The bodies of async blocks differ from ordinary blocks in a few ways.

Reviewer: This leading sentence isn't necessary I think.

> The most obvious is that they can contain `await` expressions. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bodies of async blocks can contain `await` expressions. These
```
The word "obvious" is obviously banned ;)

expressions are applied to futures and cause the async block to poll
the future and return control to the caller if the data is not yet

> ready (see the section on [await expressions](./await-expr.html) for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ready. See the section on [await expressions] for more details.
```
Please avoid inline links.

Reviewer 2: Also, can't we get rid of the "See also" line by putting the link on the first instance of "`await` expressions" in the paragraph?

> The other difference is that async blocks are considered a sort of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async blocks are considered a sort of
```

function boundary, much like closures. Therefore, the `?` operator and
`return` expressions both affect the output of the future, not the
enclosing function or other context. That is, `return <expr>` from
within a closure will return the result of `<expr>` as the output of
the future. Similarly, if `<expr>?` propagates an error, that error is
propagated as the result of the future.

Finally, the `break` and `continue` keywords cannot be used to branch
out from an async block. Therefore the following is illegal:

```rust
loop {
    async move {

>         break; // would break out of the loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        break; // This would break out of the loop.
```
